This is a project which was developed in the context of the Business Informatics Lecture "Wirtschaftsinformatikprojekt 2" in the summer semester 2018 at the University of Applied Sciences in Stuttgart - Faculty of Surveying, Computer Science and Mathematics – (Short HFT) under the direction of Prof. Dr. Rainer Keller. The open source app HORARIO was developed by Frank, Dennis, Henri, Benedikt, Melanie, Mariam, Lucas, Mario, Florian, Christine, Tanja, Daniel. This SERVICE is provided by HFT at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This text is used to inform the app user about the guidelines for the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when someone has decided to use this service.
If you choose to use this service, you consent to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The personal data collected will be used for the provision and improvement of the service. Your data will not be passed on to third parties or used in any other way except as described in this data protection declaration.

Collection and Use of Information
In order to use the Service, the HFT may require that you provide us with certain personal data, such as access to your contacts, camera and SMS as well as your telephone number. The information HFT request is stored on your device and is not collected by HFT in any way.

Log Information
HFT would like to inform you that in case of an error in the application, the App will collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This log data may include information such as your device phone number, your device IP address, the device name, the version of the operating system, the configuration of the application when using the service, the time and date of your use of the service and other statistics.

Security
HFT value your trust in providing your Personal Information, thus the HFT are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and the HFT cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's privacy
These services are not intended for persons under 13 years of age but can be used by them without hesitation. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you know that your child uses or wishes to use our service, you are also responsible for follow-up costs incurred in the context of short message transmission (SMS).
This privacy policy was created based on privacypolicytemplate.net and generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.
